ALL MAILS READ**********Hi aleeycreative,

The morning chirp of a bird or a frog's evening croak offers more than  
natural background noise. Researchers can use the sounds of rainforest  
species to measure the impact of climate change. Based on recordings from  
eco-acoustic monitoring systems, data science may enable more effective  
conservation efforts.

In this competition, you'll automate the detection of bird and frog species  
in tropical soundscape recordings. You'll work from limited, yet  
acoustically complex, training data that is rich in more than bird and frog  
noises. Expect to hear an insect or two, which your model ought to filter  
out.

Prizes
$15,000 - Total prize pool

Important Deadlines
February 10, 2021 - Entry deadline

Join This Competition

Help enable early detection of the environmental impacts of humans,  
allowing for swift and effective conservation.

Good luck,
Walter Reade
Kaggle Data Scientist





Kaggle, Inc 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy Mountain View, CA 94043

This email was sent to babaali196@gmail.com because you indicated that  
you'd like to receive news and updates about Kaggle. If you don't want to  
receive these emails in the future, please unsubscribe here. You can also  
change your preferences on your account's profile page by logging in at  
kaggle.com.





**********Take Stanford Graduate Courses Online this Winter
<https://eventing.coursera.org/redirectSigned/eyJrZXkiOiJlbWFpbC5saW5rLm9wZW4iLCJ2YWx1ZSI6eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL29ubGluZS5zdGFuZm9yZC5lZHUvc2VhcmNoLWNhdGFsb2c_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.2atgb-Gcpn8hrRySPGwsUeATLdBhCUts7418Nw6MFBk>


Choose from 85+ courses in engineering, computer science, AI, business and 
management, energy, innovation, epidemiology, and more. Combine the 
knowledge of Stanford faculty and senior industry leaders to boost your 
skills, break into a new field, or prepare for advanced study.


      * Join a Stanford graduate classroom from your laptop


      * Spend about 10-15 hours/week per course, including class time


      * Earn a graduate certificate in as little as 1-2 years


Enroll now to take courses that have advanced the careers of learners from 
companies like Apple, Disney, Boeing, Google, Accenture, and Netflix. Find 
Your Course >>
<https://eventing.coursera.org/redirectSigned/eyJrZXkiOiJlbWFpbC5saW5rLm9wZW4iLCJ2YWx1ZSI6eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL29ubGluZS5zdGFuZm9yZC5lZHUvc2VhcmNoLWNhdGFsb2c_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.2atgb-Gcpn8hrRySPGwsUeATLdBhCUts7418Nw6MFBk>


Get Personalized Course Recommendations


Choose your areas of interest and get an email with the newest Stanford 
graduate courses in your field. Ready? Letâ€™s get started. 
<https://eventing.coursera.org/redirectSigned/eyJrZXkiOiJlbWFpbC5saW5rLm9wZW4iLCJ2YWx1ZSI6eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2xlYXJuLnN0YW5mb3JkLmVkdS9ncmFkdWF0ZS1jb3Vyc2VzLUxQLmh0bWw_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.TLadm8S3r4VIgZ563nwSuvaCibDQ9XUUG8NdE_mlJMw> 
 


Questions? Contact us at scpd-gradstudents@stanford.edu
<mailto:scpd-gradstudents@stanford.edu> .


Stanford University
You are receiving this email because babaali196@gmail.com is registered for 
promotional emails from Stanford University on Coursera.
Please do not reply directly to this email. If you have any questions or 
feedback,
please visit our support site
<https://eventing.coursera.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.TJfC0dAakvOiMrb96NB9RR4lKoIXzZgtyJDwkpADGxI> 
.
[facebook]
<https://eventing.coursera.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.qvajcoqz0rU4HerfgMyxkxfwHtvjcdSCRWOv-CP7HAg> 
[twitter]
<https://eventing.coursera.org/redirectSigned/eyJrZXkiOiJlbWFpbC5saW5rLm9wZW4iLCJ2YWx1ZSI6eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL3R3aXR0ZXIuY29tL2NvdXJzZXJhP3V0bV9tZWRpdW09ZW1haWwmdXRtX3NvdXJjZT1vdGhlciZ1dG1fY2FtcGFpZ249cGFydG5lci4xLm9wZW5jb3Vyc2UudGFyZ2V0ZWRtZXNzYWdlcy5tYXJrZXRpbmd-cGFydG5lci4xLjdfVnRCN2VEUWdLLUltYVBuVWxHOHciLCJ0cmFja2luZyI6eyJ1c2VySWQiOjY2MDM1NjIyLCJ1c2VyRW1haWwiOiJiYWJhYWxpMTk2QGdtYWlsLmNvbSIsIm5vdGlmaWNhdGlvblR5cGUiOiJvcGVuY291cnNlLnRhcmdldGVkbWVzc2FnZXMubWFya2V0aW5nIiwiY2FtcGFpZ25JZCI6InBhcnRuZXIuMS43X1Z0QjdlRFFnSy1JbWFQblVsRzh3IiwiY2FtcGFpZ25Hcm91cCI6InBhcnRuZXIuMS5vcGVuY291cnNlLnRhcmdldGVkbWVzc2FnZXMubWFya2V0aW5nIiwibGlua3MiOltdfX0sInVzZXJJZCI6NjYwMzU2MjJ9.3ufCXlNtiOaoetyjSAaRvrhPftxZr8Glhq6vm3qOTac> 
[blog]
<https://eventing.coursera.org/redirectSigned/eyJrZXkiOiJlbWFpbC5saW5rLm9wZW4iLCJ2YWx1ZSI6eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwOi8vYmxvZy5jb3Vyc2VyYS5vcmcvP3V0bV9tZWRpdW09ZW1haWwmdXRtX3NvdXJjZT1vdGhlciZ1dG1fY2FtcGFpZ249cGFydG5lci4xLm9wZW5jb3Vyc2UudGFyZ2V0ZWRtZXNzYWdlcy5tYXJrZXRpbmd-cGFydG5lci4xLjdfVnRCN2VEUWdLLUltYVBuVWxHOHciLCJ0cmFja2luZyI6eyJ1c2VySWQiOjY2MDM1NjIyLCJ1c2VyRW1haWwiOiJiYWJhYWxpMTk2QGdtYWlsLmNvbSIsIm5vdGlmaWNhdGlvblR5cGUiOiJvcGVuY291cnNlLnRhcmdldGVkbWVzc2FnZXMubWFya2V0aW5nIiwiY2FtcGFpZ25JZCI6InBhcnRuZXIuMS43X1Z0QjdlRFFnSy1JbWFQblVsRzh3IiwiY2FtcGFpZ25Hcm91cCI6InBhcnRuZXIuMS5vcGVuY291cnNlLnRhcmdldGVkbWVzc2FnZXMubWFya2V0aW5nIiwibGlua3MiOltdfX0sInVzZXJJZCI6NjYwMzU2MjJ9.430R9-lg6dbtUBm2z8iAO6tElKRSkbTngQve-K66SnY> 
[blog]
<https://eventing.coursera.org/redirectSigned/eyJrZXkiOiJlbWFpbC5saW5rLm9wZW4iLCJ2YWx1ZSI6eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL3BsdXMuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbS8xMTE5NTA1OTQwMzkyNjkyODE0NjkvcG9zdHM_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.XdYqU82Jjoa5-wIwq4pbPotcIH0ug64msfiRU6BJCGY>
<https://eventing.coursera.org/redirectSigned/eyJrZXkiOiJlbWFpbC5saW5rLm9wZW4iLCJ2YWx1ZSI6eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb3Vyc2VyYS5vcmc_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.sBMlyGiYtm2b1GPxhLbOEc3aNlMdiGy33BJoiQWhAU4>
Copyright (c) 2019 Coursera, Inc | 381 E. Evelyn Avenue, Mountain View, CA 
94041 USA
To opt-out of receiving emails from this Partner, unsubscribe here.
<https://eventing.coursera.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-cGFydG5lci4xLjdfVnRCN2VEUWdLLUltYVBuVWxHOHciLCJ0cmFja2luZyI6eyJ1c2VySWQiOjY2MDM1NjIyLCJ1c2VyRW1haWwiOiJiYWJhYWxpMTk2QGdtYWlsLmNvbSIsIm5vdGlmaWNhdGlvblR5cGUiOiJvcGVuY291cnNlLnRhcmdldGVkbWVzc2FnZXMubWFya2V0aW5nIiwiY2FtcGFpZ25JZCI6InBhcnRuZXIuMS43X1Z0QjdlRFFnSy1JbWFQblVsRzh3IiwiY2FtcGFpZ25Hcm91cCI6InBhcnRuZXIuMS5vcGVuY291cnNlLnRhcmdldGVkbWVzc2FnZXMubWFya2V0aW5nIiwibGlua3MiOltdfX0sInVzZXJJZCI6NjYwMzU2MjJ9.0ES0D_XgYI0r0ny1W9U5hqbScZPa9fEZOUD9FqmMAIs>